Canary docs (#5363)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/upgrading/upgrade_steps.md

getting started experience. The following example upgrade assumes you're running in kubernetes with the kubernetes
load-balancer.

> If upgrading from version 1.9.0+ to a newer version, the recommended upgrade path is a canary upgrade, which is
> described further [here]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/upgrading/canary" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If upgrading from version 1.9.0 or later, use a [Canary upgrade]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/upgrading/canary" >}}) to make sure that the newer version works as you expect before upgrading.
```
